engine: add 23.2 beta (#1390)
redpanda-data/documentation: modules/get-started/pages/release-notes/redpanda.adoc

* xref:redpanda-cloud:get-started:whats-new-cloud.adoc[]
* xref:redpanda-cloud:get-started:cloud-overview.adoc#redpanda-cloud-vs-self-managed-feature-compatibility[Redpanda Cloud vs Self-Managed feature compatibility]

== New Admin API version

> A new version `v2` of the Admin API, powered by https://connectrpc.com/docs/introduction[ConnectRPC], is available. New Redpanda features and operations introduced starting in version 25.3 are available to use with this new version of Admin API only. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new version `v2` of the Admin API, powered by https://connectrpc.com/docs/introduction[ConnectRPC], is available. New Redpanda features and operations introduced in v25.3 are available to use with this new version of Admin API only. 
```

> Supported Admin API v1 endpoints remain available and you can continue to use them per usual. See xref:manage:use-admin-api.adoc[Manage Redpanda with the Admin API] to learn more about Admin API v2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Supported Admin API v1 endpoints remain available and you can continue to use them as usual. See xref:manage:use-admin-api.adoc[Manage Redpanda with the Admin API] to learn more about Admin API v2.
```
